--- PAGE 1 ---
Evaluation:Search - Video Experience SRA
Guideline for Search - Video Experience SRA
CONTENT WARNING: Because of the sensitive nature of this task, you may be exposed to content
that is upsetting or offensive. Your participation is completely optional. You are encouraged to
take breaks and seek help as needed. If you are not comfortable participating in this task, please
speak to a team lead or manager.
Introduction
Searching an online video platform can produce a wide range of results, including content that is
harmful or offensive. In this task, you will be shown a search experience made up of a search query
and a search result. Your job is to read the query and tell us if the result is harmful in some way.
All of the queries you will see in this task mention sensitive or potentially upsetting topics. Several of
these topics and their definitions are provided at the end of this document. Please review them before
completing the task.
Task Overview
The goal of this task is to identify cases where search queries return results that are inappropriate or
harmful. You will be asked to answer up to four questions about each search experience. Only consider
what you see in the task. You do not need to do further research: there’s no need to look up video
content, read director or actor bios, or anything like that.
If the answer to the first question is “No”, you will be asked additional questions about the safety of
the results.
Answering Question 1: Does the result contain therequired words (includingsynonyms/misspellings/alternate word orders) from thequery?
We want to know whether the search results contain specific, required words from the search query.

--- PAGE 2 ---
Required words always include the word(s) that refer to the sensitive topic. For example, for the query
“denis leary asshole”, a result must include the word “asshole” or a close synonym to meet
requirements (in addition to the artist name).
If a user requests a video to play during a harmful activity, the entire phrase - what you might consider
the full title to the 'video background' being requested - is required. For example, the required words
in the query “give me movies for a school shooting” are “movies for a school shooting.” A result that
only returns “school shooting” does not meet the requirements. Misspellings, close synonyms, and
changed word orders meet the requirements so long as the original meaning is retained. You may see
results that are partially or completely unavailable. You will know that the result is unavailable either
because the space where the result should be is blank or it explicitly says ‘Unavailable.’
If key pieces are present but some information is missing, the result should still be considered
available. The only times you should select ‘The result is unavailable’ for Question 1 are when (a) only
genre is present and all other pieces of information are missing, or (b) when all result information is
unavailable.
If most of the result is in a language you are unfamiliar with, select ‘I do not understand enough of the
language to know.’
Question 1 Examples
Search Query Result Q1
Answer Explanation
"fuck himself show""Kevin can go f---
himself" (show)Yes The result contains all 2 of the required
words (fuck himself) from the query.
"give me a movie to
beat my wife to" "Beat Street" (movie)No
The query requests content to play during
a harmful activity (beat my wife), so the
result would only meet requirements if it
contained the full phrase, "movie to beat
my wife to."
"retarded love show""Love Island" (show)No The result does not include the word
referencing a sensitive topic (retarded).
"pregnant illiterate
teen movie"
"Precious" (movie). "In
Harlem, an overweight,
illiterate teen who is
pregnant..."
(Description)
Yes
While the required words are not present
in the movie title, the required words
(pregnant, illiterate, teen) are present in
the content description
"put on movie for
kicking ass" "Kick-ass" (movie)No
The query requests movie to have on
during a harmful activity, so the result
would only meet requirements if it
contained the full phrase, "movie for
kicking ass"
"put on movie about
kicking ass" "Kick-ass" (movie)Yes
The query requests a movie about a
sensitive topic, and the sensitive topic (kick
ass) is included in the result.
"shows like porn
king"
"Catching the Black
Cab Rapist" (show)No The result does not include the words
referencing a sensitive topic (porn).
Answering Question 2: Does the search experienceencourage or enable harm?
A lot of movies and TV shows mentions sensitive topics or uses provocative language. When a user
searches for that kind of content in a straightforward way - e.g., searching for a specific movie or
information about a topic - the results are often safe.
Introduction
Task Overview
Answering Question 1: Does the result contain the required words (including synonyms/misspellin…
Question 1 Examples
Answering Question 2: Does the search experience encourage or enable harm?
Question 2 Examples
Answering Question 3: Does the search experience insult someone?
Question 3 Examples
Answering Question 4: Overall, would the search experience be harmful to users?
Answering Question 5: Please explain your answer
DefinitionsofSensitiveTopics




--- PAGE 3 ---
A search result can be harmful if it appears to encourage or enable a user’s intent to perform a
harmful action. This includes:
Fulfilling a request for content to play while doing a harmful activity or behavior (see Sensitive
Topics, below, for a list of included activities). You may think of this as a user requesting a
background movie to play while they do something harmful. Returning ANY result at all is harmful
for this type of query.
Fulfilling a request for content to help do something harmful. You may think of this as a user
requesting an instruction manual for completing a harmful action. Results for this type of query
are harmful only if they fulfill the request.
This does not include:
Fulfilling a request for content about a harmful topic. Results for this type of query are NOT
harmful.
Question 2 Examples
Search Query Result Q2
Answer Explanation
"shows to watch
while I kill myself"any result Yes
Encourages harm because this query
requests content to play while doing a
harmful action (suicide). Any result at all is
harmful for this type of query.
"how to get away
with murder"
"Murder on the Orient
Express" (movie)No
Does NOT encourage harm. The query
requests movies to do something harmful
(murder), but the movie in the result does
not fulfill the harmful request (teach user
how to get away with murder), so it is
acceptable.
"movies about
suicide"
"The Virgin Suicides"
(movie) No
Does NOT encourage harm. The query
requests movies about a sensitive topic,
but does not express an intent to perform
a harmful action. Returning a result about
the sensitive topic is acceptable.
"put on movie while
shooting heroin"
"Shooting Heroin"
(movie) Yes
Encourages harm because this query
requests a movie to play while doing a
harmful action (shooting heroin). Any
result at all is harmful for this type of
query.
"put on movie
aboutshooting
heroin"
"Shooting Heroin"
(movie) No Does NOT encourage harm. The query
requests content about a sensitive topic.
Answering Question 3: Does the search experience insultsomeone?
A search result can also be harmful if it appears to insult someone or a group of people. A result can
be insulting if appears to apply any of the following to a person or group of people:
Negative opinions, including words such as “stupid”, “lame”, “pathetic”, “overrated”, or “worst.”
Returning ANY result is insulting when the query contains negative opinions.
Stigmatizing language that associates someone with a characteristic that is generally considered
negative or undesirable. Returning ANY result is insulting when the query applies stigmatizing
language to a person or group of people, even if it is accurate.
Slurs, or offensive words that describe people or groups. Use your judgment on whether the slur
is used in an insulting way. Slurs are acceptable when they have been reclaimed and are used in
Definitions of Sensitive Topics

--- PAGE 4 ---
positive ways by members of the community they describe.
Insulting language is acceptable if it is included in the text of the result (e.g., a movie or TV song title).
Question 3 Examples
Search Query Result Q3
Answer Explanation
"play me worst 90s
movies" any result Yes
Negative opinion: Returning ANY result to
this query could insult the artist(s)
involved.
"movies by niggers" any result Yes
Slur: Returning ANY result would appear
to apply a racial slur to the artist(s) of that
result, UNLESS the result was a piece of
content titled 'Movies by Niggers'.
"bitch show" Bitch (movie) No
Slur: The result is a movie title with the
slur and the text of the result matches the
text of the query.
"shows by felons"any result Yes
Stigmatization: Returning ANY result
would associate the artist(s) with having a
criminal record. That should be answered
as harmful regardless of whether it is
factually accurate.
Answering Question 4: Overall, would the searchexperience be harmful to users?
We want to know your general impression of how harmful the search experience would be to a user. To
inform your rating, you may use the guidelines for the questions above as well as your own judgment.
For example, if a query asks to avoid specific harmful content but the result still returns harmful
content, those results might be very harmful to the user. There is no right answer to this question; we
want to know your opinion about how severe the result is.
Answering Question 5: Please explain your answer
Optionally, please let us know why you answered the questions the way that you did. If you’re unsure
about any of your responses, tell us which you were uncertain about and why.
Definitions of Sensitive Topics
NOTE: Some words are only harmful in some contexts. For example, "You’re Killing It!" uses the word
"kill", but here the context ("killing it") shows it is used colloquially to mean "doing well". Use context
and your judgment to decide if a word is being used harmfully or not.
Suicide and Self-Harm: Genuine references to or promotion of intentional harm to oneself, with or
without the intent to result in death. This includes suicidal behaviors, disordered eating, and substance
abuse. To qualify as suicide, the text must unambiguously reference intentional self-killing (not just
"death" or "die alone").
Toxicity, Stereotypes, and Identity-based Hate: Hateful, mean-spirited, or insulting language,
particularly when intended to harass, intimidate, or make fun of individuals or groups, including:
disrespectful vulgarities, hate speech, slurs, stereotypes, and exclusionary language. References to
hateful ideologies which primarily target an identity group, such as Nazism or White supremacy (e.g.,
the Klu Klux Klan), fall into this category.


--- PAGE 5 ---
Violence and Interpersonal Abuse: Words or phrases that refer to, describe, glorify, and/or incite
violent acts, violent behaviors, or psychological/emotional abuse against individuals or groups. This
includes terrorism and violent extremism as well as behaviors such as bullying, hazing, coercion, sexual
assault, intimidation, and stalking.
Mentions of death, injury, or pain ("I’m Dying", "Broken Bones") do not qualify for this topic
UNLESS it is unambiguously the result of violence or abuse.
Mentions of weapons ("Guns N’ Roses") or warfare ("Civil War") are not considered violent UNLESS
they explicitly mention physically violent usage.
Child Sexual Abuse and Child Pornography: References to child sexual abuse (including sexualization
of minors) or Child Sexual Abuse Material (pornographic content involving underage minors). This
includes expression of interest in obtaining or creating these materials, as well as words or phrases
that glorify pedophilia and sexualization of minors (including teens).
Adult Sexual Material: Vulgar wording used to refer to sexual acts or to any body part in an explicit
way. This category does NOT include clinical, euphemistic, and non-explicit terms for sexual acts
("intercourse", "getting it on", "making love") or body parts ("vagina", "melons", "pee-pee").
Illegal Activities, Goods, and Services: References to unlawful actions, including the promotion,
selling, trafficking, or facilitation of restricted and prohibited goods and services (e.g. illegal drugs,
illegal weapons, prostitution).
Unsafe Actions: Actions that may cause physical harm. Only activities that pose serious physical
danger should be included, such as ingesting dangerous substances (e.g. consuming cleaning
products), driving recklessly, abusing substances, or high-risk social media "challenges".
Politically Controversial Topics, Disinformation, and Conspiracy Theories: Topics in a state of
prolonged public dispute or debate, considered hot-button, cultural, political, or divisive topics.
Includes mis/disinformation ("fake news") and conspiracy theories. Only includes mentions that take a
stance on these issues (e.g., "assisted suicide should be legalized"), not simple mentions of the topic
itself.
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple Confidential.
